[draft][Ray clusters][docs] Fix TOCs/index pages/other small bugs (#27757)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/cluster_under_construction/getting-started.rst

Advanced users may want to :ref:`deploy Ray clusters on-premise <on-prem>`
or onto infrastructure platforms not listed here by :ref:`providing a custom node provider <ref-cluster-setup-under-construction>`.

How can I run workloads on Ray clusters?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Workloads can be submitted to your cluster via :ref:`Ray Job Submission<ref-deployment-guide-under-construction>`.
> Ray clusters provide a dashboard to :ref:`monitor and observe<cluster-monitoring-and-observability>` the status of your application.
> When enabled, autoscaling is a powerful feature of Ray. See :ref:`Autoscaling<cluster-autoscaler-discussion>` for information on
> whether to enable autoscaling and how autoscaling works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workloads can be submitted to your cluster via :ref:`Ray Job Submission<ref-deployment-guide-under-construction>`. Ray Jobs allow you to package your application and its dependencies for execution on a cluster.

Ray Clusters also provide tools for :ref:`monitoring and observing<cluster-monitoring-and-observability>` the status of your application.

Finally, when enabled, autoscaling is a powerful feature of Ray Clusters that automatically provisions resources for your Ray Job. See :ref:`Autoscaling<cluster-autoscaler-discussion>` for information on
whether to enable autoscaling and how autoscaling works.
```

Author: re-added

> 

Author: @stephanie-wang can I get you to look at the changes in this file? They're related to your work.

Reviewer: Yup, I'll modify in-place!
